There's nothing left between us.
The only way I'll be leaving you
is the day they put me
in a coffin and bury me.
Ma'am! Joyce!
Mpume!
Mr. Gomora!
Mrs. Gomora.
Doctor.
Unfortunately. he hasn't woken up.
Um…
Hold on please.
What are you saying to me?
Do you mean my husband won't make it?
-No.
-Is my husband dead?
No. no. no. Uh…
He's alive and he's stable for now.
Be that as it may.
it's evident that Mr. Gomora
ingested poison.
Poison?
We were able to pump it
out of his stomach.
Wow.
This is shocking news.
How can Jonasi do this to us?
We have children together.
Mrs. Gomora. do you suspect
that it's self-induced?
I don't know what to say.
Doctor. what I do know is that
lately we have been having issues.
But suicide?
Wow.
I don't know.
Let me get back to work.
I'll keep you updated on everything.
-Thank you.
Dad. what happened to our picture?
The world does not revolve around you.
You need to stop
behaving like this. Okay?
Mom.
Were your test results positive?
Mm-hmm.
Maybe I should've married Magesh.
I know. right?
Brother.
Hey.
You're awake?
Yeah. Where am I?
Hospital.
-You're going to be fine. Brother.
-Hospital?
In fact. let me call the doctor.
Doctor!
Mr. Gomora.
Oh. I'm glad to see that you're awake.
What happened to me?
Unfortunately. Mr. Gomora…
you had a mild heart attack.
Today. we stick to the same story.
My husband had a heart attack.
We're taking this to the grave.
Mrs. Gomora. you arrived just in time.
Joyce.
You frightened us.
How soon can we take my husband home?
-Home?
-I want to go home. Brother.
You know I hate hospitals.
If I can request
for Mr. Gomora to get some rest.
We still need to run a few more tests.
Then we'll take it from there.
Jo.
Are you okay?
Yes. I'm okay.
Don't worry about anything else.
You'll be okay.
What are your thoughts
or your views on beneficial ownership?
Uh. just… just give me a second.
Jane. are the kids okay?
I'm in an interview. I'll call you later.
I'm in an interview. I'll call you.
Okay. fine.
I'm… I'm so sorry about that.
Beneficial ownership?
Um. to… to be honest.
I hadn't really studied the act in depth.
I see.
That'll be all for now.
We'll keep in touch.
Thank you. I… I look forward to it.
Fuck.
There's no way I'm getting that job.
But you know what? It's fine.
Minor setback.
It doesn't change the fact
that I'm getting the hell away from here.
Friend. how will you survive
with two kids without a job?
Let's drink. Let's drink.
Mmm. Mmm. This is really good.
Ooh.
Let me rest on the couch.
Maybe I should've stayed
-longer at the hospital.
-Mm-mmm.
Imagine if word got out
that the CEO was hospitalized.
-That would surely tank the share price.
-Mmm.
You're fine here at home.
Besides. you're a strong man.
-Wow.
-You know it's true. You're a man.
-Come on.
-This is nothing to you.
All right.
One more thing.
I want to apologize
for almost leaving you guys.
Hmm.
And I want you to know
that I'm not going anywhere.
I'm here to stay.
-I promise.
-Sleep. love.
-Mmm.
-We thank the Lord
for that. my love.
Let me give you your medication
before I leave.
I had already taken those.
These are antibiotics.
You infected us with an STI.
All of us.
Take your medication and end all of this.
Leave them on the table.
I'll take them later.
I'll come check on you.
It's you and I forever.
Until death do us apart.
Jonasi and Joyce.
Mom?
Hey.
Mom. I don't think you should be drinking
alcohol while you're on medication.
Oh. Sarah. my child.
I know. but I have so many problems.
Good lord.
Someone almost died from a heart attack
and no one even bothered
to tell me about it.
-What's going on?
-I forgot to call you. I'm sorry. Essie.
The problem is Jonasi.
He was supposed to call me.
He only remembers me
when his wives deny him what he wants.
-He always wants--
-Stop.
No. don't stress about it.
You don't have to hide the truth.
I know my dad is wicked.
Wicked is an understatement.
Your father is useless.
Him and that idiot wife of his.
Don't stress about people
who don't care about you. Mom.
You're right. my baby.
I really don't care.
From now on.
I'm living my life and that's it.
Tholakele?
Um…
Is that your new girlfriend?
-Huh?
-Magesh. relax.
The secret is out. Everyone is
living their lives. Live yours too.
-Yeah. her name's Tholakele.
-Mmm.
She's a chartered accountant.
Oh. wow.
She's a wonderful woman.
I see a future with her.
Oh. wow. Magesh.
You've found the one. hey.
Pick up the phone before she dumps you.
Hello. my size.
How are you?
Oh. well.
Joy-Joy!
Oh.
It's you.
You're drinking my alcohol.
Listen. when you're done
destressing with my alcohol.
get me some water from the kitchen.
Why don't you go and get it yourself?
I beg your pardon?
I said get your own water!
Who are you talking to like that?
Huh?
You've grown a pair.
I'm still your father!
You don't have any balls.
You're still scared of girls.
You're just a weakling!
It would really be great if you could do
an immediate transfer into this account.
We're going to need Mr. Gomora
to authorize this transfer.
Have you forgotten
that Mr. Gomora is my husband
and I have every right to this account?
It's a huge sum of money.
As a primary account holder.
we need him to sign.
But didn't I just tell you
that he's in hospital?
How's about I drive to him
and have him sign there?
How's about I wheel him in here
along with his life support
for the whole damn world to see?
I'm simply following protocol.
Really?
You know what? It's fine.
I'll have him call you.
confirm the transfer.
while praying to God
that I don't lose my husband.
Mrs. Gomora. please wait.
I'll transfer the money.
and I'll sort it out with Mr. Gomora.
The money should reflect in about an hour.
Thank you.
Joyce.
Joyce!
This is Joyce Gomora. Leave a message.
Hello. Essie here.
-I can't take your call right now.
-Joyce!
Hi. this is Matipa. I'm not available.
Our marriage is built on a lie.
You deceived me into believing
I was your second wife.
Hello. this is Lindani.
-I'll get back to you.
-I'm done being your toilet!
-Let go of my mother. you bastard!
-I hate you.
All the love I had for you…
Where are you going?
Off to see your sugar daddy?
What are you doing here. Menzi?
Tell me something. Lindani.
What's wrong with you?
You know. I don't expect you
to understand my situation.
You're right. I don't understand
this shit that you're doing.
You know. I wanted to love you.
I wanted to…
I wanted to marry you.
Make you my wife.
Make me your wife?
Menzi. you and I never dated.
Nothing has ever happened between us.
What? Is he giving you money?
Huh? Do you want money?
I'll give you anything you want.
Do you hear me?
Whatever you want.
I'll give you anything you want.
Let me go. Menzi. Are you mad?
Go to hell. Gosh.
Listen here. you slut.
I'm still talking to you.
How much is he giving you?
Let me go.
I see you decided
not to take your medication.
Where have you been?
Excuse me?
You left me here unattended.
You know I just came
out of hospital. right?
Oh. whatever.
-Joyce.
-Oh. come on now.
Don't walk away from me
while I'm talking to you.
Oh. please. Stop it.
-My gosh.
-Excuse me.
Have you forgotten I'm your husband?
You're my husband?
You're my husband only when it suits you.
You left me here alone unattended.
You're out gallivanting? Huh?
-Are you a lady of the streets now?
-Lady of the streets?
I'm asking you.
what else did you want from me?
Did you want me to put you on my back?
Or put me on my chest and breastfeed you?
That would've been a start.
Please.
You're not a child.
Neither are you.
But here you are.
I take care of you.
Even these clothes you're wearing.
I'm the one that bought them for you.
But have you ever heard me complain?
Have you ever--
As if you qualify to complain.
Gomora. listen.
Even on your greatest days.
don't ever forget that I made you.
Ah.
-My father gave you an opportunity.
-Oh?
Gave you a seat at the table
when all you were worth
was nothing but crumbs off a dog's plate.
We saved you from Soweto
and made you who you are.
You would still be trash in Soweto
if we didn't rescue you.
I made you.
Hey! What the fuck has gotten into you?
Who do you think I am? Huh?
You and that father of yours.
-is he listed on the stock exchange?
-No. he's not. but I am.
Don't you dare forget
that there are two J's in your company.
and one of those J's is mine. Jonasi.
Okay.
You seem to forget
this little township kid.
this dirt you're talking about.
gave everything to you.
made you a wife.
Even that precious
father of yours who died.
it was me.
I helped him.
I alone!
Nonetheless.
50% of everything that you own
is all mine.
Hey. look at you.
I'm gonna get some.
Yes. my boy.
Do it. my boy. Go have some fun.
Fuck the bitches.
They can fuck off out of here.
Fuck Lindani.
Have a blast. Enjoy the ride.
Okay.
ID. birth certificates. vaccination cards.
I was in hospital.
You didn't even come to check on me.
You're not picking up my calls.
You're ignoring my texts.
I'm ignoring your texts?
-You can go fuck yourself. all right.
-Oh?
When last did you check on me. Jonasi?
As your wife?
When last did you check on your kids?
Or did you forget about them?
I was sick.
And all you care about is yourself.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
Because you're unwell.
the whole world needs to stop.
I'm also sick. Jonasi.
Or have you forgotten about that?
I'm sick. You made me sick.
Don't tell me that bullshit.
I could've died.
But you don't care about that.
-I wish you were dead.
-You wish I was dead?
-Me?
Do you care about me?
Or anyone else. for that matter?
Do you fucking care?
Oh.
You want me to show you personally
how much I care about you?
Is that what you want?
You want Daddy to show you who he is?
What the fuck?
Who do you think you're hitting?
You wanna fight me? Huh?
-Your husband?
-Did you just slap me. Jonasi?
You slapped me.
-You slapped me.
-You're my wife. Do you hear me?
When I say spread your legs and let me in.
you will do exactly that. Are we clear?
-You want to sleep with me?
-No. I don't. I want to fuck you.
-I want to fuck you.
You're done with your bitches?
-My bitches?
-Huh?
You're done with your bitches
and want to sleep with me now?
Yes. what's wrong with that?
You bastard. You want to sleep with me?
You want to--
You want to sleep with me?
Huh?
What are you trying to prove? Huh?
You have no respect.
You lack discipline.
I'll teach you today.
You thought you could take my money
and I wouldn't find out?
You thought I wouldn't find out?
You thought you'd take my money
and I wouldn't find out?
-Okay. I'm sorry!
-Come here. Come here.
Come here. Come.
You're such a coward. my boy.
Why are you so slow?
-Move!
-Piss off!
-You like this?
-Menzi.
-You want me to be an asshole?
You want me to be an asshole like Jonasi.
That's what you want?
-You think I'm a piece of shit?
-My love.
-Do you think I'm a piece of shit? Huh?
-No.
Huh?
What do you think I am?
Do you think I'm your fool?
-Am I a piece of shit?
-Uh-uh.
-What are you doing?
-Menzi!
You're hurting him!
Stop doing that.
I said cut that shit out. bitch.
Get out of here.
Fuck!
You thought you were smart.
Not anymore. huh?
Not anymore.
I'm not playing with you. bitch!
I'm not playing with you.
What did you think you were gonna get?
Huh? What did you think I'd do?